feat: first implementation (#1)
moxystudio/react-contentful-image: README.md

A react image renderer that uses the Contentful Images API.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @moxy/react-contentful-image
```

This library is written in modern JavaScript and is published in both CommonJS and ES module transpiled variants. If you target older browsers please make sure to transpile accordingly.

## Motivation

[Contentful](https://www.contentful.com/) provides a very powerful [Images API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/images-api/) that besides retrieving image files, provides manipulation features such as resizing, cropping and compressing.

This react component returns a `<picture>` element. If no manipulations are made, the `<picture>` contains at least one `<source>` element, otherwise it will have two `<source>`. It also contains the native `<img>` as fallback for browsers that do not support the `<picture>` element.

## Usage

```js
import React from 'react';
import ContentfulImage from '@moxy/react-contentful-image';

const src = "//images.ctfassets.net/yadj1kx9rmg0/wtrHxeu3zEoEce2MokCSi/cf6f68efdcf625fdc060607df0f3baef/quwowooybuqbl6ntboz3.jpg";

const MyComponent = (props) => (
    <div {...props}>
        <ContentfulImage

>             src={ src }

Reviewer: It seems that we can only pass the url as a string right?

What if this component actually supported this, but also supported passing an image asset data structure from contentful?

This way we wouldn't have to go for `fields.file.url` every time.

So, if we passed a string, we assumed it as an url. If we passed an object, the component would try to fetch the url by itself.

[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/@moxy/react-contentful-image
[downloads-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@moxy/react-contentful-image.svg
[npm-image]:https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@moxy/react-contentful-image.svg
[build-status-url]:https://github.com/moxystudio/react-contentful-image/actions
[build-status-image]:https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/moxystudio/react-contentful-image/Node%20CI/master
[codecov-url]:https://codecov.io/gh/moxystudio/react-contentful-image
[codecov-image]:https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/moxystudio/react-contentful-image/master.svg
[david-dm-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/react-contentful-image
[david-dm-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/moxystudio/react-contentful-image.svg
[david-dm-dev-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/react-contentful-image?type=dev
[david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/react-contentful-image.svg

> A react image rendering using Contentful Images API.

Reviewer 2: This sounds a bit off 🤔

Suggestions:

- A react image renderer that uses the Contentful Images API.
- A react component that renders an image using the Contentful Images API.

Feel free to disregard this comment if you don't agree.

Author: It's really weird. It's probably a mix between two sentences I wrote.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @moxy/react-contentful-image
```

This library is written in modern JavaScript and is published in both CommonJS and ES module transpiled variants. If you target older browsers please make sure to transpile accordingly.

## Motivation

> [Contentful](https://www.contentful.com/) provides a very powerful [Images API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/images-api/) that besides retrieving image files in spaces, it provides manipulation features such as resizing, cropping and compressing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Contentful](https://www.contentful.com/) provides a very powerful [Images API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/images-api/) that besides retrieving image files, provides manipulation features such as resizing, cropping and compressing.
```

> This react component will return a `<picture>` element. The `<picture>` contains at least one `<source>` element if no manipulations are being made and two `<source>` elements if there are manipulations. It also contains the native `<img>` element as fallback for browsers that do not support the `<picture>` element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This react component returns a `<picture>` element. If no manipulations are made, the `<picture>` contains at least one `<source>` element, otherwise it will have two `<source>` elements. It also contains the native `<img>` element as fallback for browsers that do not support the `<picture>` element.
```

Author: I did rephrase it a little bit more to avoid "element" or "elements" repetition.

## Usage

```js
import React from 'react';
import ContentfulImage from '@moxy/react-contentful-image';

> const src = "//images.ctfassets.net/yadj1kx9rmg0/wtrHxeu3zEoEce2MokCSi/cf6f68efdcf625fdc060607df0f3baef/quwowooybuqbl6ntboz3.jpg";

Reviewer 2: I think this won't work with the leading slashes, replace with:

```suggestion
const src = "images.ctfassets.net/yadj1kx9rmg0/wtrHxeu3zEoEce2MokCSi/cf6f68efdcf625fdc060607df0f3baef/quwowooybuqbl6ntboz3.jpg";
```

Reviewer 2: Tested and it works, forget this one.

ℹ️ Read more about Contentful Images API format conversion [here](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/images-api/#/reference/changing-formats).

#### resize

Type: `object`  
Required: `false`

Resizing configuration object. This object has the following shape:
- `width` - Desired width
- `height` - Desired height
- `behavior` - Specifies the resizing behavior. The possible values are:
  - `pad`
  - `fill`
  - `scale`
  - `crop`
  - `thumb`
- `focusArea` - Specifies the focus area when resizing. The possible values are:
  - `top`
  - `right`
  - `bottom`
  - `left`
  - `center`
  - `top_right`
  - `top_left`
  - `bottom_right`
  - `bottom_left`
  - `face`
  - `faces`

Example:

```js
const resizeValues = {
    width: 100,
    height: 100,
    behavior: 'crop',
    focusArea: 'top_right'
};

// ...

<ContentfulImage
    src={ src }
    resize={ resizeValues } />
```

⚠️ Please, note the following warnings:

> - The maximum value for both `width` and `height` properties is is 4000 pixels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The maximum value for both `width` and `height` properties is 4000 pixels.
```

Author: Nice catch, thanks 💪
